Health api release notes (#591)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/health/fhirAPIReleaseNotes.mdx

### December 15, 2020

> The following three R4 resources have been made available: `Device`, `Practitioner`, and `PracitionerRole`. Not all US Core searches are yet supported for `Practitioner` and `PracitionerRole`. <br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following three R4 resources have been made available: `Device`, `Practitioner`, and `PractitionerRole`. Not all US Core searches are yet supported for `Practitioner` and `PractitionerRole`.

```

suggested changes:

1. (what i assume is) a spelling correction
2. use a blank line instead of raw `<br />` tags in the markdown context.
